[Music]
seventeen-year-old Andy is preparing to
go to college he is not played with his
toys and years and most of them are gone
the remaining toys reflect on their
future and the army men leave by
parachuting out the window and he
intends to take what he with him to
college and puts the other toys in the
trash bag to put them in the Attic
however Andy's mother thinks the bag is
trash and mistakenly throws it out the
toys escape and climb into her car as
they're upset and believe Andy tossed
them away and get into a donation box
with Molly's old Barbie doll bound for
Sunnyside daycare what he follows but is
unable to convince them that Andy meant
to keep them and is forced to go along
when Andy's mother drives off to donate
them Andy's toys are welcomed by a lot
so hug and bear or lot so for short and
the other toys at Sunnyside accept woody
Andy's toys are delighted to learn the
sunny side never runs out of children to
play with and Barbie is enamored with a
Ken doll there woody attempts to return
home but is instead found by Sunnyside
student Bonnie who brings him home and
plays with him and her other toys which
are well treated
Bonnie's clown toy chuckles explains
that he lots oh and big baby once had a
beloved owner named Daisy but were lost
during a family trip when they made at
home Lotso found he had been replaced
he lied to big baby saying Daisy had
replaced all of them when they found
Sunnyside Lotso took over it turning it
into a toy prison and chuckles only
escaped because Bonnie took him home for
a repair at Sunnyside Andy's toys
disliked the toddler's rough play buzz
lightyear asks Lotso to move the toys to
the older children's room but lots of
switches buzz to his original factory
setting erasing his memory mrs. Potato
Head through an eye she lost in Andy's
room sees Andy searching for them they
realized that what he was telling the
truth about andy's intentions and tried
to leave Andy's toys are imprisoned by
lots of henchmen who rely on new
recruits to save themselves from the
preschoolers abuse what he returns to
Sunnyside and learns from a chatter
telephone that the only way out is
through the trash Andy's toys
accidentally reset buzz to spanish mode
instead of his old persona and starts to
fall in love with Jesse the toys reach a
dumpster but are cornered by lattos gang
that's a garbage truck approaches
what do you reveal slots those deception
to big baby who throws lot so into the
dumpster as the toys try to leave mottos
henchmen retreat and lots of drags woody
into the dumpster as the truck collects
the trash the rest of the toys fall into
the truck while trying to rescue him
except Barbie Ken and a big baby a
falling television lands on Buzz
restoring his memory and personality the
truck brings the toys to a landfill
where the aliens are swept away after
spotting an industrial claw and the
other toys are deposited on a conveyer
belt that leads to an incinerator Woody
and Buzz help Lotso reach an emergency
stop button only for Lotso to abandon
them and escape the toys resign
themselves to their fate and prepare to
die but are rescued by the aliens
operating the claw lotsa was found by a
garbage truck driver who ties him to his
trucks radiator grille and drives away
woody and the other toys board another
garbage truck back to Andy's house what
he leaves a note for Andy who thinking
the notice from his mother donates the
toys to Bonnie
Andy introduces the toys individually to
Bonnie and - Andy surprised woody is at
the bottom of the donation box and
Bonnie recognizes him though initially
hesitant
Andy passes wadiya on to Bonnie and they
played together before he leaves woody
and the other toys witness Andy's
departure as they begin their new lives
Bonnie in the film's epilogue Barbie Ken
and big baby have made vast improvements
to Sunnyside and maintain contact with
Bonnie's toys through letters after
parachuting in the army men are welcomed
to Sunnyside
[Music]